♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
There, they find the former
laboratory of the "genius,"
Dr. Vegapunk.
Seriously?
The samurai just ditched us?
Yes.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
I thought it was too quiet!
When I mentioned
that I had fought with
a lone torso earlier,
he asked me where I had seen it.
I told him I lost it
somewhere around the lake.
Damn it. Let's go find him.
[NARRATOR] Sanji, Brook,
and Zoro leave the laboratory
and head towards the lake
in search of Kin'emon.
[SYND yells]
You're acting weird, Synd.
Are you feeling bad?
[CHILDREN gasp]
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Mocha!
Children! What's the matter?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
NHC10.
I detected it in their
sweat samples.
It's only a trace
amount, but still.
This is a stimulant!
[SYND]
Candy...
[grunts]
You've gotta help me, Straw Hat.
I really need a piece of candy.
Get it for me!
Sorry, but I can't.
Chopper's the doctor of my crew.
I trust him;
whatever he says goes.
So I can't do it!
[SYND]
Go get my candy!
[yells]
[USOPP]
Special Attack, Sleep Star!
That worked like a charm!
They're sound asleep.
[NARRATOR] After learning that
the children are test subjects,
Luffy agrees to help reunite
them with their parents.
He then sets out
to find the person behind
the experiment.
[LAW]
What about the Straw Hat crew?
[CAESAR CLOWN] I didn't think
much of the Straw Hats,
that is, until Monet
warned me about them.
It might be overkill,
but I'm sending those two
after their crew.
[LUFFY]
"To Annihilate the Straw Hats!
Legendary Assassins Descend!"
[NAMI (FRANKY)] Whatever you do,
please don't forget about us!
They could come looking
for us at any moment,
so get back as soon as possible!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[yells]
Ow, you're a cyborg now, Nami!
Please, be careful!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] I hope this
"Master" guy comes clean
about why he's experimenting
on these children.
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] If he
doesn't, I'll have to force it
outta him!
He'll talk when I threaten
to shove my foot
so far up his butt that
it comes out his nose!
Franky.
What did I say about talking?
'Kay! We ready to go?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Good luck, you guys!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Be careful out there!
So hold up.
Was Usopp trying
to knock him out, too?
[ROCK]
It's me. Here's the thing.
So far, we've got three.
[CLOWN A]
What?
[ROCK]
The Pirate Hunter Zoro.
The Cat Burglar.
And the Soul King.
We left them at
the bottom of a cliff
in District F-16.
You'll need to get out there
and recover the bodies.
[CLOWN A]
Hold on, did you kill them?
[ROCK]
Why? Is that a problem?
[CLOWN A]
Well, I dunno, I mean...
[SCOTCH] If you didn't want
'em to end up dead,
then you shouldn't have
asked us to do the job!
[CLOWN A]
It's fine!
The Master did say he
wanted them dead or alive.
[ROCK] Now, now, no need
to get so worked up.
[SCOTCH]
You're right.
He almost lost it there, huh?
Yeah. Stay cool.
[CLOWN A] Thanks gentlemen.
We're counting on you!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Shurororo!
Oh, my! Did you hear?
Three of them are already dead!
I heard. [chuckles]
What a disappointment.
The Straw Hats are part
of the Worst Generation,
as is our friend Law here.
Not only is the government
keeping its eye on them,
but so is Blackbeard.
The papers go on
and on about them.
I keep reading about
how they're back in action.
I assumed they'd
be a lot stronger.
Well? Law?
You know them, don't you?
I understand you've
crossed paths twice.
Two years ago at Sabaody.
And then again at
the war in Marineford.
That true?
Why, you traitor! You didn't
summon them here, did you?
How many times do we
have to go over this?
I didn't even know they
were being held captive
in the laboratory until
I ran into them out front.
If I had known,
I'd've told you to try
a different tactic.
Locking them up in an
ordinary cell isn't enough.
Let's talk about
your negligence.
I wasn't able to drive
the Navy out,
and it's thanks to you.
If this operation were exposed,
it'd be just as bad for me
as it would for you.
[CLOWN B]
Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN] I'm in the
middle of an experiment!
[CLOWN B] But it's one
of the Seven Warlords!
Is it, now?
You want to stay here
on Punk Hazard?
It was a pain trying
to reach this place
since Log Poses don't work.
I should've known,
what with this being
a secret government
lab, and all.
And why do you want to stay?
I assume that since this used
to be Dr. Vegapunk's laboratory,
there must be records of
all the government research
that's happened here.
That's as forthcoming as
I'm willing to be right now.
Here's the deal.
What I want is free roam
of the lab and the island.
So whaddya say?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hmph.
[LAW] In exchange, I'll provide
you with my assistance.
And we'll stay out of
each other's business.
But there's one condition.
You can't tell anyone I'm here.
Not even "Joker."
So you know, do you?
Where'd you get
that information?
Would you rather an ignorant
idiot wander in here?
Or someone like me?
Shurororororo!
Good point.
We're birds of a feather,
aren't we, Law?
While I don't trust you,
I see no harm in your request.
Well, Monet?
[MONET] Trafalgar Law
from the North Blue.
Interesting.
The Surgeon of Death who
consumed an Op-Op fruit.
So you're a doctor, are you?
We've got several
former prisoners
who've been paralyzed
by poison gas.
You can treat them.
Can't you?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
It's true.
I suppose if you'd
called them here,
you would've been more discreet.
You had to do a lot of
sucking up to the government
to land your cushy Warlord job.
Surely, you wouldn't
risk losing it all
by making a mess of things here.
How silly of me.
My apologies.
Listen.
You said somethin' about
the children begging
to come back without
you even having to lift
a finger.
What did you mean by that?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Ah, yes.
They'll never leave because
I've been giving them
drugged candies.
It's sweet, it's fizzy, and it
fills your mouth with gas!
Ah yes, it's also a stimulant!
[laughs]
And a highly addictive
one, at that!
If they go home,
they won't be able to get
their precious candy anymore.
You're one sick puppy,
aren't ya?
You remind me of someone.
[MONET]
Where are you going?
Aren't you gonna fight the Navy?
You can call me if you need me.
And I'll bring you the
head of anyone you want.
[door opens, closes]
The clever ones are trouble.
They're hard to manage.
I really hope Zoro's doing
all right out there.
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] Sanji and
Brook are with him so he's fine.
They'll make sure he
doesn't end up getting lost
in the mountains or anything.
[explosion]
[NAMI (FRANKY) yells]
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
What the heck?
[NAMI (FRANKY) yells]
Not again!
What's going on?
Uh-oh!
This isn't an earthquake!
We're under attack!
What are those things?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] They look
like big footprints to me.
[USOPP]
Did an animal make them?
It couldn't have been a human,
unless they're a giant.
[explosion]
[USOPP]
Wha--? Explosions?
That's odd, we just came
from that direction.
Do ya think it could
be tied to whatever
left these footprints behind?
I can sense something--
and they're close.
Beast-lookin' guys. Big ones!
Let's go back!
Nami and Chopper are in danger!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
What'll we do?
If the cave starts
collapsing on us,
they'll be goners!
Luffy, where are you?
We could use your
help right now!
There's nobody here but us,
so we'll just have to
handle this on our own!
Chopper!
You see 'em? How many enemies?
Tell me!
Well, uh...
There's nobody out here!
But how can that be?
'Kay.
Let's get this party started.
[SCOTCH, ROCK]
So cool!
Ah! What're we gonna do?
Someone's out here.
[BROWNBEARD snoring]
What just busted my noggin?
Oh. I fell asleep.
Huh? What's with all
the ruckus outside?
Maybe someone's
come to rescue me!
But who?
Law? The Master? No.
We're in the snowy mountains,
so it's gotta be them.
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh? I heard that! Spill it!
You know who's attacking, right?
I demand that you tell us!
Or else you're gonna pay!
[NAMI (FRANKY) grunts]
Bzz! Bzz! Bzz!
Bzz! Bzz!
You better not be
makin' fun of lasers!
[BROWNBEARD]
Ha!
You're wasting your
time lookin' for 'em
'cause they're never
gonna show themselves
to you.
We work with 'em
and we don't know
what they look like.
But...
We do know that
once they're paid,
they'll carry out any
assassination without fail.
Everything else is a mystery,
except that their
footprints are huge
and their voices are deep.
Oh, wait.
Also, they're some
sort of beast-men.
And they're covered in
fur from head to toe.
Or so the rumors say.
They prowl the snowy peaks,
appearing whenever
a blizzard strikes!
Oh, yeah!
I almost forgot,
we also know their names:
they're Scotch and Rock!
The Yeti Cool Brothers!
They're from a snowy region
and they're about 25 years old--
Sounds like you know
plenty about 'em!
But nobody knows what
they look like, lassie!
Still, they're tough.
And they've come to
this cave to rescue me!
You're in trouble!
If they're here, that means
you're on their hit list!
[laughing]
--Huh?
[SCOTCH]
You're Brownbeard, aren't you?
Just so ya know, you happen
to be on our hit list, too.
[BOTH scream]
Who's that guy?
He's ginormous and I
didn't even notice him
sneak in here!
Huh? Rock, is that you?
[SCOTCH]
I'm Scotch.
You've come here to kill me?
Wait, no. Sorry.
I must've misheard you!
Man, you really had me scared.
The Master would
never have me killed,
so he must've sent
you to save me, right?
Well, tell ya what,
if you'll unchain me,
I'll help you take care
of the Straw-- Eek!
[SCOTCH]
You didn't mishear anything.
The Master ordered us to
assassinate you, too.
What? No way!
[SCOTCH]
You want proof?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Oh, and while we're at it,
what was that big guy's
name again?
His voice!
[CAESAR CLOWN] The one with
the silly-looking braided beard
who was captured
by the Straw Hats.
You know, the dunce who's
famous for being stupid?
Oh, that's right! Brownbeard!
No!
Is that him?
[CAESAR CLOWN] He's a fool, so
it was easy to manipulate him,
but now he's become a nuisance.
I don't need his
services anymore.
Kill him.
I was right!
Look, there's smoke!
Nami!
Chopper!
We're on our way!
[SCOTCH]
I'll ask again.
You're Brownbeard, aren't you?
[CAESAR CLOWN] I'm so glad
you've joined us, Brownbeard.
There's no need
for you to worry.
I promise that you're safe here.
Shurororororo!
Wait, aren't you--?
Yeah. Keep quiet.
[PIRATES yell]
How?
What's the matter?
You don't like your new legs?
[BROWNBEARD laughing]
[BROWNBEARD]
No.
[BROWNBEARD humming]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Anything to report?
[BROWNBEARD]
No, Master! It's all clear!
Nothin' but snow as far
as the eye can see.
That's good.
Thank you, Brownbeard.
You're a fine patrolman.
Huh? Aw, shucks!
[laughs]
[BROWNBEARD]
No... I'm begging you.
Don't do it!
Master!
[SCOTCH]
That'll shut you up!
You shouldn't've lost your cool!
[ROCK]
Hey, Scotch!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
That must be the other one!
[ROCK]
Don't shoot so recklessly.
This place could collapse
and kill the brats.
[SCOTCH]
Oops.
You're right,
that wouldn't be cool.
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Brownbeard!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
But they're on the same side!
[ROCK]
It looks like we've got company.
Their captain's back.
Let's take care of them first.
[USOPP]
Oh, crap! Those guys're scary!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
Are they giants?
[ROBIN] Mm-mm.
Not any kind I've seen.
[LUFFY]
I'm warnin' you, jerks!
You better not have
hurt any of my crew!
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
What the--? Where'd he go?!
[NAMI (FRANKY) yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Luffy!
They captured Nami!
Those big jerks took
her with them!
Huh?!
[SCOTCH] The Master said
he wants this one alive.
[ROCK] Right, the robot
with Vegapunk's lasers.
[SCOTCH]
But we can kill the rest of 'em.
[ROCK] In that case, let's take
our time and enjoy this hunt.
[SCOTCH]
Sounds cool to me!
[BOTH laugh]
I think it's safe to assume
that the detachment
team has stolen the ship by now.
[explosion]
[MARINES chattering]
What happened here?
It's an ambush!
[ALL yelling]
Just when I thought
it'd be easy.
Let's go!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[CLOWN D]
It's Law!
[CLOWN C]
Where do you think you're going?
[CLOWN D]
You can't leave right now!
Not when the Navy's in the area!
[LAW]
Room.
[CLOWN C]
Huh? What the--?
[LAW]
I don't give a damn.
You guys may not
know this, but...
I go where I want.
[NARRATOR] Luffy's group
attempts to get Nami back
by pursuing the Cool Brothers.
Unfortunately, our heroes are
beseiged by an assortment
of clever traps,
as well as a constant barrage
of attacks by the pair of
mysterious assassins.
Suddenly, Law appears and
makes a surprising move.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Save Nami!
Luffy's Fight on the
Snow-Capped Mountains!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!